Project Startup Requirements and Steps:

1. For your team project create a new subdomain in ipd17.com, then create database on the server as well.

2. Create project Git repository - shared by both team members.

3. Watch "Scrum in 10 minutes" video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XU0llRltyFM

4. Create Trello board - shared by both team members.

5. In Git project working copy create "dailyscrum.txt" file that will be shared by both team members.
Do your first Daily Scrum right here right now planning on what each of you will do by tomorrow morning.

Make sure to follow Daily Scrum example and instructions provided.
Make sure to commit that file to repository every day starting today.

REMEMBER: Next time you come to class the first thing you will do will be Daily Scrum with your team member / partner. Do not wait for the teacher to remind you - when both of you arrive to class - do the Scrum.

REMEMBER: After each Daily Scrum you also must update Trello board to reflect your project's progress.

Part of your grade (use of tools) reflects your use of Git, Trello, and Daily Scrum.

USUAL CAUSES OF POINTS LOSS:
* Not using Git
* Avoiding Git conflicts at all costs
* Having two separate projects (with or without Git) for two project members
* Not doing scrum on regular basis that is committed to Git every time
* Not updating Trello daily

6. Regular Scrum and Trello requirements.
- Trello must be updated at least once on every workday
- Scrum must be done at least once on every workday in the morning, plus one more time before you leave the classroom for a weekend.

During weekends you should be able to communicate with each other.
Make sure you have exchanged emails and phone numbers.

One useful tool for remote collaboration is desktop session sharing using TeamViewer.


7. HOMEWORK - REQUIRED.
-----------------------

a) Break down the project into at least 5, preferably 10 "User Stories" and place them on the Trello board.

b) In each User Story create Checklist (todo) and add at least 3 (preferably 5-10 steps to it. The last step is always "peer-test it".


